What significant data structures have you added and what function do they perform?
What are any significant issues surround managing the data structures and state do they contain?
What data structures are per-process and what structures are shared between processes?
What is the main issues related to transferring data to and from applications?
If fork() was implemented, what concurrency issues would be introduced to your implementation?


There are three data structures that we've added, which include the file descriptor table, open file table, and open file entry. All the data structures
are declared in file.h. The file descriptor table serves as a link to the open file table and the open file table contains the open file entries that contains 
information about the open file. The link between the FD table and the OF table is the array inside the file descriptor table struct. By using an integer fd as the index we
can get the open file key from the array, which will later be use as an index to get the open file entry from the OF table. The lock variable inside the OF table struct
is to ensure that open file table can only be accessed by one process at a time.
The open file entry contains a vptr(pointer to a vnode), offset (file pointer), flags and refcount (how many file descriptors point to this entry).
The vptr is used to read/write to the inode file, offset is used to read/write at a certain point in the file, flags are used to indicate the mode the file was opened with,
and the refcount was mostly used to free the open file entry when the refcount reaches 0.

The significant issues on managing the data structures about the allocating of memory spaces, because the memory in the system is scarce, we have to ensure that the data does not exceed
that limit that could affect the operating system. For example, to ensure that the open file does not exceed the max open file per process, we set the
limit of the OF table array to __OPEN_MAX(128).
Another issue is concurrency where multiple processes could be accessing the same open file entry at the same time which would cause a race condition.
Hence, we included a lock on the open file table to ensure no race condition would occur.

The data structure that are per-process is the FD table and the OF table are shared across all processors. To make the OF table accessible by all processors,
we declared the table file.h and initialized it in main.c where the operating system runs. We also include the FD table in the struct proc(proc.h) to make a per-process FD table.

The main issue of transferring data is making sure that the correct variable type is sent to the syscall functions. If the variable type of value is not valid, it could cause
unexpected error in the operating system if the error is not handled properly in the syscall function. We also need to ensure that the pointers variable that we sent as an argument 
is a correct value to get the expected behavior from the system.
Another issue is that only one process can read/write from memory at a time despite given different file descriptors. This is because the open file table gets locked upon reading/writing
and no other process can access that resource.

If fork() is implemented the concurrency issues that we would encounter is a race condition, which happens when two or more process accessing the same data at the same time.
In this case it would be the OF table array, since it's a shared resource across all processors. To fix this issue we can simply build a lock variable to ensure that the OF table can
only be access one process at a time. The lock variable that is inside the OF table struct is used to prevent the concurrency issue.
